Mark loegel
Web 31

Completed codePen: https://codepen.io/mark-loegel/pen/VwLoJRE?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning to our content
 2. What is HTML used for? 
    used to build the structure of our website
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provides more description about elemnt, placed in open tag    
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1-h6 are used for declaring importance, h1 most important, should be one per page
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a  
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata-document title, character set, css, js
7. What is an id? 
    a unique attribute, one per page
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    one
10. What is a class? 
    an attribute used to group like things together
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinite
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    _blank
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifies an alternitive text for an image
15. How do I reference an id?
    #, with an octothorpe
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section tag defines sections you want grouped together, div is for dividing things
17. What is CSS used for? 
    the look of the webpage
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    withe the tag name followed by {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is for one specific thing, class is for grouping similar things. i.e. list of students names, id would be a specifc student (id=sally), a class would be the class the sudents are in [class=math]
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    h1:hover {}, when you want the title to change when you hover the mosuse over it
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of a selected element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:px;
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:px;
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize;  text-transform: lowercase;  text-transform: uppercase;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-width:1px
        border-style:dotted;
        border-color:black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* your comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName.txt, you have to be careful because its permanent and does not warn you
34. Why should I use version control? 
    helps you keep track of changes
35. How often should I commit to github?
    every major change
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork repo, add tl as contributor, clone repo: get clone repo link, open dir you want to clone your fork in, clone fork. cd in newly created repo, branch repo, make changes, add changes (git add .), commit changes and leave helpful message (git commit -m 'message'), push changes to your github repo (git push -u origin branch-name) , on github fill out the pull request (add TL)(make sure your branch is selected), wait for TL to view
Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not start a new line and only take up as much width as necessary whereas a block element starts a new line and takes the full width available
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Positioning an element absolutely removes it from the normal document flow and can be positioned realitive to the nearest positioned ancestor
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
